Something else you're going to be coming across a lot of in JavaScript, and other programming languages,
is what's known as "console.log".
Enough said.
Let's get into it.
Oh, actually, before we get into the reason why console.log is awesome is because remember those alerts
we had just written? They are horrible man and we don't want alerts to be popping up all the time.
It's frustrating.
So an alternative to this is to use console.log. Okay, enough said. Let's go.
So let's open up our console and start typing this. So you'll see here this console helps me, because
if I start writing "cons", you can see its telling me here,
"console".
So if you forget keywords, you can kind of do that. Now, to access objects, properties of objects,
you need a period or full stop.
I'll get into this later.
Don't worry about it for now.
But the most popular one that you need to remember now is what's called this console.log.
So let's type "console.log". Similar remember,
we have to use the parentheses to execute a function. And let's console.log the word "dog". Enter.
And "Bob's Your Uncle", there's dog, printed to the screen.
And let's try it again, console.log - lets try one plus one.
Do you think that'll work?
Yes.
The answers 2.  We could have just gone 1 plus 1 directly in the console.
Same thing.
OK, it evaluates to 2.
But this brings me to something more important, what is "console"?
Where do that come from?
How does it fit into the page?
Well, if I type "CONSOLE". Whoops sorry thats caps. If I type "console" and I just push enter,
let's see what that gives us.
Well, it gives us this funny looking object here.
What is this?
And it's got a little triangle - let's click that. And you can see all the properties that we have access
to on this console.
How awesome is that?
And you can see the log is on the screen.
That's literally the log that we just use, so we used "console.log".
And this brings us to something very interesting that I want to chat about now.
Let's get into it.